"What is an Allodial Title?"
"Christ Mass - Saturn Celebration that was banned because of raunchy behavior."
"Jule/Yule Log - Christmas Saturn and traditions."
"Mistletoe as drug in early and ancient times, used to make people more influencable."
"Evergreen tree as symbolic representation of sex in ancient times and the connections to harlotry."
"Santa as Odin as a villainous character."
"Black Peter - Germany, Krampus, Santa, ruppenct."
"AIN Soph - Kabbalah, Closed eye symbolism."
"Ayin soph UR - Kabbalah meaning."
"Middle Pillar Exercise or ritual - Order of the Hermetic Golden Dawn."
"Trithmeus cypher and how it can be used with the gematria, and the abjad in conjunction with English."
"What was deciphered from the Rosetta Stone?"
"Three degrees of the Golden Dawn explain the required knowledge, levels and proficiencies for the degrees of the Saturni Fraternity and Three degrees of the Golden Dawn."
"What is the difference Evocation Vs Invocation?"
"The Cult Of The Black Cube: Pike - Moras and Dogma and the mention of the black cube in Freemasonry.Explain obelisk."
"Explain the Saturnian concept The Black God."
"Explain the Order of the Nine Angles."
"Proto-Semitic relation between Saturn to El."
"Hindu and the relation between Kali/Shiva/Saturn and any depictions as a crow."
"Explain the meaning of lua - as destruction."
"What is the meaning of a phonic deity?"
"Explain all information about Zuhal - Islam."
"In regards to symbolism tell me about the images of the Crow and Camel as Saturn Representation."
"Tell me of the Amalekites and any relations to the translation or interpretations of those who lick blood."
"Explain Khazaria and the origins and activities in the Caucasus Mountains."
"Sani and its relationship to the Hindi."
"Explain Kevan and its relationship to 'Persia'."
"Explain Picatrix."
"Explain Saturn worship in regards and relation to colors black, green, yellow."
"What are the key takeaways from the Kita Al-Istimatis?"
"What's the meaning in relation to the black cube: Tusikrus ciyus, driyus, tamas, dorus, and tihitus?"